ah the
ah ok this is my first Federation battle
it's been quite some ton sins actually
they're rated last because I just
couldn't start raging in myself so I
leave with my bunny read dr. rabbit who
just wants to go around and fix people's
teeth but it's at the cat and I'm not
have allowed to practice on cats because
I'm supposed to practice on humans you
know because that doesn't sound wrong
whatsoever in any way so I lose the
first speed tie and he faked out while I
faked out and of course he hits me and
then I used switcheroo to give him a
lagging tail but that does bugger all
because he's able to hit me with bite
and does all quite a lot of damage and
I'm gonna die next turn so I just kept
with under punch since the only
attacking move that I have besides faked
out and it's not going to do much to me
Alf who bites me to kill me off so
already off to a very bad start and as
you can see things aren't going to go
much better so I go out to statistical
because I know I can kill off this thing
and I just like go sludge bomb and then
sludge face becomes the mouth and then
me off dies because I don't think
slipspace exists anymore does he so now
he decided to bring in his elekid who is
just so ready to go and whatnot so
Thunderbolts and I was thinking I don't
know why that I could live this but
obviously I can't because I'm just
tentacle
so I am no one who gets raped and dies
so now i go i make s'mores and i've been
in the same exact situation before
except when i did it last time my
overheat mist which kind of made me mad
so I kill off the ellicott now with
overheat and now I start making the more
bad plays that ended up costing me a lot
so now he goes out to star you and I
figure okay I can't really do anything
else cuz nothing can take a hit in this
thing really so I decided to stay and
just go for an overheat and sandwich
it'll do but this isn't up being quite a
stupid play on my part what I should
have done was going to gasoline let it
die for fodder and then go out to my 020
use quick attack and that probably would
have killed it if not then reeled it
would have been able to kill it with
quick attack and then if I still had my
Charmander I could kill off his gligar
and I'm not exactly sure how I would
have been able to take out his chin show
I don't know if I would have been able
to but I would have been able to make
this match a lot closer so I got to do
own I was thinking I was faster but I
don't know why because star you has like
I think 19 speed max which is a pretty
fast for a little cup considering the
highest speed is 24 most part so he
Thunderbolts and kills me off the easels
crit and now I go out to my riolu and I
do what I should have done with my dough
do low but obviously since I didn't I
don't get to kill off the star you and
yeah so he serves to star you which um
not really surprising there because he
won just get off a very powerful hit and
he crits me which I doubt mattered
because I have a life orb near thing and
not exactly bulky or anything so do I go
out to my lastest ghastly which I should
have fought heard instead of my
Charmander but he used to kill me off
with my historia so it was a good game
mole he did this for the Federation he
was on to the next round I don't know
what it is
and I gotta say very good nicknames on
your part I mean that was a perfect name
for me out star you and whatever your
last thing that I saw was probably that
star you yeah I'm sure your gligar and
your karna doze and your chin show were
all named very uniquely as well